Hi there,
I am Callum McClure,  a Multi-Award winning Magician based in Surrey. Since starting professionally at the age of 13, I have amazed and amused thousands. My speciality lies in performing close-up magic at Weddings, Dinners, Balls and Parties of all kinds. My Magic combines professional personal entertainment to get people talking and outstanding sleight of hand to make them go crazy. With over 15 years of refining my skills in performing to small parties and all the way to multi-national corporate events, I can adapt my style to any occasion.
How long have you been interested in magic?
For as long as I can remember, I was always fascinated by magic: How I had so many coins behind my ears; how they could remove my nose and even how they guessed my chosen card. There is a lovely mystery that you only get when you watch a truly skilled Magician. You get transported back to being a child and the world is so full of wonder. From the age of seven, I was hooked on the craft and was always looking to perform my next show. At the age of 10, I was looked after by 'The Magic Circle' youth initiative and this is where I honed my skill. A few years later I was invited back to start as a mentor: Teaching, Lecturing and helping all of the young magicians.
Callum McClure: Deception
Returning for his third year at the Edinburgh Fringe, Callum McClure showcases his outstanding sleight of hand in a brand new show. This professional magician from Surrey, with over a decade of experience of performing in the UK’s most prestigious venues, will amaze and astound you.
ABOUT THE SHOW
This Show has been Callum's pride and joy over the last 4 years. It has been through rigorous changes and has even won national and international awards. With a mixture of classic and modern magic, blended with technology, this is a truly different experience for all ages. From Callum's decade of performing expertise in magic, Deception has astounded audiences all over the globe.
Venues
Deception will be showing at the Edinburgh fringe festival in a fantastic venue of The Voodoo Rooms and at the Guildford Fringe in the Star Inn. Not far from the Royal Mile, the Speakeasy venue is perfect for this show and provides an intimate and personal experience when seeing any show.  The Star Inn being on Guildford High street and with such a great stage, is one of the best fringe venues in Guildford.
The Voodoo Rooms
The multi-award-winning magician Callum McClure, with a unique combination of robotics and magic, will amaze and amuse. Combining classic magic with a modern and technological twist, this brand new show is magic as you have never seen before. Callum’s highly acclaimed sleight of hand, combined with over a decade of performing in the UK's most prestigious venues, has him well known for his professional and personal magic. From performing at weddings to The Royal Variety Performance after-show party, Mayoral events to multi-national corporate events, his dexterity with coins and cards are second to none.
Corporate Magic

Whether for an office party, fundraiser or entertaining clients, Magic really gets people talking. Businesses big and small love this personal, professional Magic.
Close-Up/Table Magic

Magic that is right there, in front of your eyes. A personal, entertaining style of magic for small groups or tables
Wedding Day Magic

Make your special day more Magical. Let family and friends relax and share an expeience together. Between ceremony and reception or during meals, magic is perfect.